updating readme for clarifications on using corrals (#52)
rancherlabs/corral-packages: README.md

```shell
make validate
```

> # QA / CICD

Reviewer: Nit; Why does it have to be specifically QA? I think it's applicable to everyone who uses corral packages

## Requirements

note: it is recommended for locally running corral-packages to also have a local clone of corral, build it, and use the dev version of corral to have the latest available version. 

| Name   | Version   | Description                           |
|--------|-----------|---------------------------------------|
| corral | `<=1.0.0` | https://github.com/rancherlabs/corral |
| golang | `<=1.18`  | https://go.dev/doc/install            |

## Getting Started

Before you can use this repo you will need to run `make init`.

```shell
make init
```

## Building Packages

To build all the permutations of packages run `make build`.

```shell
make build
```

## Validating Packages

To validate all packages in the dist folder run `make validate`.

```shell
make validate

> ```

Reviewer: Doesn't this part already exist above?

If you specify a variable in corral that is hardcoded (in the code referred to as `readonly`), corral will complain that this can't be in your config. If you are missing required variables, corral will also complain. 

Its recommended to either have a separate config to use for your corral builds, or to update your main corral config at `~/.corral/config.yaml` . The latter is recommended, as sometimes vars can be saved or left behind from previous builds that you may or may not want included in the run.

If you're having trouble on this step, you may have better luck finding an existing config in our jenkins automation in one of the recurring jobs. a

### Running Your Corral
When running locally, it is usually a good idea to enable `--skip-cleanup` and `--debug`. This will leave your corral around after it is completed (the default will cleanup everything it has created) and leave detailed logs in case anything breaks. 

> That said, you should remove your setup manually after you're done QAing with `corral delete <corral_name>`

Reviewer: Same one here too, I don't think there's a difference between QA or other usages

example:

```bash
corral create <corral_name> <path_to_package> <flags>

corral create airgapExample dist/aws-aws-registry-standalone-rke2-rancher-airgap-calico-true-2.18.1-1.11.0/ --skip-cleanup --debug
```

### Using Your Corral
If you've added `skip-cleanup` flag to your create command, you likely need to grab the variables and important info from what corral built. You can view individual variables `corral vars <corral_name> <variable_name>` or view all the variables through corral `corral vars <corral_name>`. However if viewing all corral variables, I would recommend instead viewing `cat ~/.corral/corrals/<corral_name>/corral.yaml` as the output is more user-friendly. This will output every variable that corral created as part of the package. 

### Cleaning up

> you should remove your setup manually after you're done QAing with `corral delete <corral_name>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you can remove your setup after you're done with your corral via running this command: `corral delete <corral_name>`
```
